[chore] prepare for v0.15.0 release (#306)
Dynatrace/dynatrace-otel-collector: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- next version -->

## v0.15.0

> This release includes version XX.YY.ZZ of the upstream Collector components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes version 0.110.0 of the upstream Collector components.
```
